Added collaboration instructions on github guide (#990)
dedis/popstellar: docs/README.md

You can then set a title and description to your PR as well as set a label (e.g. `be2-scala`), an assignee (the person responsible for the code), a project (if any) and ask for a specific reviewer using the right side bar. Click on "Create pull request"

---

### Working together

You might at some point end up working on feature `X` together with another – or more – teammate(s). Dealing with this situation unprepared *will* lead you down a rabbit hole of painful and seemingly endless merge conflicts. 

In an attempt to avoid as many as these merge conflicts, here's what you should **avoid**:

> - Do not, under any circumstances, copy-paste code snippets between students/branches to make your code compile. You should rather ask your teammate to push his/her changes online, and incorporate them into your work (see below how we suggest you achieve this);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Do not, under any circumstances, copy-paste code snippets between students/branches to make your code compile. You should rather ask your teammate to push their changes online, and incorporate them into your work (see below how we suggest you achieve this);
```

Reviewer 2: Agreed

Here's how we suggest you work on feature `X` with two (or more) teammates:

> 1. create a branch that is common between both of you. If feature `X` relies on feature `Y` (that is awaiting reviews, i.e. not merged into `master`), then create your common branch originating from `branch-y`. If it is not related to any unmerged branches, then default to a copy of `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch that is common between both of you. If feature `X` relies on feature `Y` (that is awaiting reviews, i.e. not merged into `master`), then create your common branch originating from `branch-y`. If it is not related to any unmerged branches, then default to a copy of `master`.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a branch that is common between both of you. If feature `X` relies on branch `Y` (that is awaiting reviews, i.e. not merged into `master`), then create your common branch originating from branch `Y`. If it is not related to any unmerged branches, then default to a copy of `master`.
```

(consistency)

> 2. create a personal branch for each student that is originating from the common branch. Additionally (arguably optionally), you may decide to never push changes directly to the common branch but instead use PRs from either of your personal branches to the common branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a personal branch for each student that is originating from the common branch. Additionally (arguably optionally), you may decide to never push changes directly to the common branch but instead use PRs from either of your personal branches to the common branch.
```

> 3. when you have a self-contained piece of code working, add it to the common branch (either through PRs or `git merge`). This way, your partner will be able to use it without the need of copy-pastas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. When you have a self-contained piece of code that works, add it to the common branch (either through PRs or `git merge`). This way, your partner will be able to use it without the need of copy-pastas.
```

> 4. when you need new code that is on the common branch but not yet on your personal branch, simply merge the common branch inside your personal branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When you need new code that is on the common branch but not yet on your personal branch, simply merge the common branch inside your personal branch.
```

> 5. once you are both happy and the feature is fully finished (and thus operational on the common branch), simply create a PR from the common branch to `branch-y` if `branch-y` is not merged yet or `master` if `branch-y` is already merged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Once you are both/all happy and the feature is fully finished (and thus operational on the common branch), simply create a PR from the common branch to `branch-y` if `branch-y` is not merged yet or `master` if `branch-y` is already merged.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Once you are all happy and the feature is fully finished (and thus operational on the common branch), simply create a PR from the common branch to branch `Y` if `Y` has not been merged yet or `master` if `Y` has already been merged.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd add another point, saying that in parallel, the students can regularly merge `master` back into the shared branch to make sure it doesn't deviate too far away from the `master`.

> Here's what it could look like with student Pierluca and student Nicolas working together on the common branch `dev-common-pn` that is using features from `branch-y`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's what it could look like with student Pierluca and student Nicolas working together on the feature `X` in a common branch that is using features from `Y`:
```

(I'd rename the branches in the diagram below, to say something like `common-X` instead of `common-pn`)

5. Once you are all happy and the feature is fully finished (and thus operational on the common branch), simply create a PR from the common branch to branch `Y` if `Y` has not been merged yet or `master` if `Y` has already been merged.

ℹ️ It is desirable to merge `master` into your common branch from time to time in order to avoid said branch from getting too out-of-date with the rest the team.

Here's what it could look like with student Pierluca and student Nicolas working together on the feature `X` in a common branch that is using features from `Y`:

```
      +----------------------------+
      |           Master           |
      +-------------+--------------+
                    |
                    |
      +-------------+--------------+
      |          branch-y          |
      +-------------+--------------+
                    |
                    |
      +-------------+--------------+
      |       dev-common-pn        |
      +----------------------------+
           ^ ^                ^
           | |                | 
           | |                |
      +----+-+---+       +----+----+

>       | Pierluca |       | Nicolas |

Reviewer 2: I approved but later realized that the naming here doesn't align anymore with what's in the text above 😅
